added sklearnex engine (initial intel extension for scikit-learn support) (#2677)
pycaret/pycaret: README.md

- Light Gradient Boosting Machine requires [GPU installation](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/GPU-Tutorial.html)
- Logistic Regression, Ridge Classifier, Random Forest, K Neighbors Classifier, K Neighbors Regressor, Support Vector Machine, Linear Regression, Ridge Regression, Lasso Regression requires [cuML >= 0.15](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml)

> ## PyCaret intel sklearnex support
> You can apply [intel optimizations](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex) for machine learning algorithms and speed up your worklow. To train models with intel optimizations use `sklearnex` engine. There is no change in the use of the API, however, installation of intel sklearnex is required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PyCaret Intel sklearnex support
You can apply Iintel optimizations](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex) for machine learning algorithms and speed up your workflow. To train models with Intel optimizations use `sklearnex` engine. There is no change in the use of the API, however, installation of Intel sklearnex is required:
```
